docs(link): refactor link docs and add a11y (#5654)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/link/README.md

import { Link } from '@spectrum-web-components/link';
```

> ### Variants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Variants
```

### Options

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
This is an <sp-link href="#">example link</sp-link>.
```

> ## Variants

Reviewer: Thank you!

```html
This is a <sp-link download="myfile.txt" href="#">download link</sp-link>.
```

### Accessibility

#### Best Practices

> - Use links in body copy and not in titles. For larger projects, consider using a [button](/components/button/) instead.

Reviewer 2: For "larger calls to action," maybe?

```suggestion
- Use links in body copy and not in titles. For larger calls to action, consider using a [button](/components/button/) instead.
```

#### Best Practices

- Use links in body copy and not in titles. For larger projects, consider using a [button](/components/button/) instead.
- Identify the target of each link directly in the link text to communicate context and set clear expectations about where the link will go.
- Be mindful of link placement and language, and create experiences that are inclusive of users navigating with screen readers, who may navigate links without their surrounding language.
- It’s more accessible and inclusive to write link text as unique descriptions of the navigational target or function.
- Implement skip links to improve navigation for keyboard and screen reader users when necessary, especially when the page has many sections and lengthy scroll.
- For links that open in a new tab, add `target="_blank"`, `rel="noopener noreferrer"` and a UI icon to the link.

> - Add `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` to links for additonal context. Links can be more concise to lessen visible noise, but adding these attributes can help make the purpose of the link more clear.

Reviewer 2: Oop I missed this the first time around. There's a typo here, "additonal" is spelled wrong.

Also, re: `aria-label`, it looks like the way that this works is if you want to pass an `aria-label` to the link, you add a `label` property in `<sp-link>`? It doesn't seem like adding `aria-label` to `<sp-link>` will pass that to the `<a>`. Thus, we'd want to say somewhere in here that you'd use `label` to set `aria-label`, I think.

I'm a bit more confused about `aria-labelledby` though, it doesn't seem like there's a way to set it on `<sp-link>` that would pass it down to the `<a>` tag... I would have thought it would need to be set on the anchor tag in order to be accessible? I'm wondering if that's a possible issue that needs addressing, unless I'm misunderstanding how `aria-labelledby` works in web components?
